[DEV-2270] add noindex, follow tag to non-main guides (#1454)
pagopa/developer-portal: .changeset/shaggy-toys-brake.md

---
"nextjs-website": patch
---

> Add noindex, follow meta tag to non-main guides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add "noindex, follow" rules to the robots meta tag on all non-main guide pages
```
